HTCONDOR-1209 Update manual to explain negotiator rank sorting better (#705)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/admin-manual/user-priorities-negotiation.rst

and ``NEGOTIATOR_POST_JOB_RANK`` expressions evaluate (in the context 
of both the slot ad and the job ad to the following values).

+------------+-------------------------+----------+-------------------------+
|Slot Name   |  NEGOTIATOR_PRE_JOB_RANK|  Job.Rank| NEGOTIATOR_POST_JOB_RANK|
+============+=========================+==========+=========================+
|slot1       |                      100|         1|                       10|
+------------+-------------------------+----------+-------------------------+
|slot2       |                      100|         2|                       20|
+------------+-------------------------+----------+-------------------------+
|slot3       |                      100|         2|                       30|
+------------+-------------------------+----------+-------------------------+
|slot4       |                        0|         1|                       40|
+------------+-------------------------+----------+-------------------------+
|slot5       |                      200|         1|                       50|
+------------+-------------------------+----------+-------------------------+

Table 3.1: Example of slots before sorting

> Given that, the top three slots would be handed to the *condor_schedd* after
> sorting them first on ``NEGOTIATOR_PRE_JOB_RANK``, then sorting all ties based on ``Job.Rank``
> and any remaining ties sorted by ``NEGOTIATOR_POST_JOB_RANK``.  This

Reviewer: I think the "Given that," here is a little deceptive, because nothing about the paragraph that follows depends on the details of the preceding table.  Perhaps something like

```suggestion
These slots would be sorted first on `NEGOTIATOR_PRE_JOB_RANK``, then sorting all ties based on ``Job.Rank``
and any remaining ties sorted by ``NEGOTIATOR_POST_JOB_RANK``.  After that, the first three slots would be
handed to the *condor_schedd*.  This
```
